Add a known issues section for Painless functional interace resolution (#81745)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/7.16.asciidoc

* Deprecate `create_legacy_templates` setting on HTTP exporters {es-pull}78564[#78564]
* Deprecate the monitoring ingest settings {es-pull}77659[#77659] (issue: {es-issue}77459[#77459])

[[known-issues-7.16.0]]
[discrete]
=== Known issues

// tag::painless-functional-interface-resolution-81696-known-issue[]

> * Painless function interface resolution: Any Painless script
> where a method call resolves a lambda argument to a `UnaryOperator`
> or a `BinaryOperator` results in an `IllegalArgumentException` as either
> a compilation error when static types are used or a runtime error when
> dynamic types are used. Use standard procedural statements as a workaround
>  (`if/else`, `while`, `for`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Painless: Any Painless script where a method call resolves a lambda argument
to a `UnaryOperator` or a `BinaryOperator` type results in an 
`IllegalArgumentException`. This exception results in a compilation error when 
static types are used, or a runtime error for dynamic types. Use standard 
procedural statements as a workaround, such as `if/else`, `while`, and `for`
statements. 
```

+

> An example failure of a `UnaryOperator`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is a `UnaryOperator` type that will result in a failure:
```

+
[source,Java]
----
List l = ['abc', '123']; l.replaceAll(f -> f.replace('abc', 'doremi');
----
+

> The workaround:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is a possible workaround:
```

Reviewer: I thought about introducing "a possible workaround" instead of "the workaround" because we indicate that different procedural statements can be used, instead of suggesting that this is a singular workaround.
